"All things are possible to him  that believeth.
                                 Mark 9:23",
"He that walketh with wise men shall be wise.
                            Proverbs 13:20",
"Whatsoever thy hand findeth to do, do it with thy might.
                                   Ecclesiastes 9:10",
"And now abideth faith, hope, charity, these three; but the
greatest of these is charity.
                                   I Corinthians 13:13",
"Don't just sit there. Be something to someone.",
"Never spur a horse when he's swimming.",
"You never know your luck till the wheel stops.",
"Some men are bad behind a bush.",
"Anyone can look tall when surrounded by shorties.",
"Close friends are folk's who've sopped gravy out of
the same skillet.",
"It's the absent who are judged guilty.",
"No one wants to steal your troubles.
No one can steal your good deeds.",
"The wilder the colt, the better the horse.",
"Happiness depends more on how life strikes you
than what happens.",
"Never straddle a fence. Build one or tear it down.",
"Careful is a naked man climbing a barb wire fence.",
"Some men are so stingy they'd skin a flea for the
hide and tallow.",
"A pat on the back don't cure saddle sores.",
"If you lived to 29 and have made no enemies,
you're a failure.",
"The computers are running behind.",
"You haven't paid your dues in society,
here, neither.",
"Women have more fun because there's more
forbidden to them.",
"Old age makes you a stranger in your own country.",
"Lightening does the work.  Thunder takes the credit.",
"Safeway is safer.  Lucky's is luckier.",
"Drunks sober up; Fools remain fools.",
"Don't count the teeth in someone else's
mouth.",
"Gambling is banned in the Valley.  Try CD's.",
"This is a free board.  Pay for quotes.",
"Las Wages was closed by the FEC.
Sorry.",
"Where can you find a broker?
In his truck with a lawnmower.",
"What's the difference between 1929 and
now.  The computers are jumping out."
"Life has a good deal up it's sleeve.",
"Read Batra's, The Great Depression of 1990.",
"The only real money is the money you earn.",
"The last thing you need is a get rich scheme.",
"What do you call a Yuppi stock broker?
Hey, Waiter!.",
"What were Mecham's 3 most difficult years in
school; 2nd grade.",
"No one knows what caused the crash of '87.
It wouldn't make any difference if they did.
                     -Bill Moyers",
"So the market crashed.  The same people love you.
That's all that really adds up.",
"One foot in the future is better than two in
the stock market.",
"Faith moves mountains.",
"World markets up based on strength of
The Los Wages Stock Exchange.",
"The little cares that fretted me, I lost
them yesterday when I ran out of time.",
"God gave Noah the rainbow sign,
No more water, the fire next time.",
"The halls of fame are open wide,
and they are always full.",
"Christmas is coming, the geese are fat.
Please put a penny in the old man's hat.",
"Goats eat ivy , mares eat oats, you'll
go hungry if you don't quit wasting time.",
"The girl I left behind me has all the money.",
"Money, Honey; don't be funny.",
"I vant to be alone. I almost am when
you're here.",
"We was robbed. You should have stood in bed",
"Show me a hero and I'll write you a tragedy.",
"Two characteristics of leadership:
competence and character.",
"Marriage teaches tolerance and patience, and
lots of things you wouldn't have to know if
you stayed single.",
"A good horse should seldom be spurred.".
"Staying in cash won't make you rich,
but it will keep you that way.",
"My father taught me to work, he did not
teach me to love it.",
"Work is the greatest thing in the world.
Save some of it for tomorrow.",
"Most people love hard work, when they
are paying for it.",
"Work and play are the same thing under
different conditions.",
"If you want to know what a man is like,
take notice when he looses his money.",
"The national debt is proportionately no
larger today than it was 25 years ago.",
"Better a live chicken than a dead bull
or a chewed up bear.",
"Go with the flow is no help at all if
the trend keeps reversing itself.",
"Bulls make money, and bears make money
but pigs never.",
"Check your purse and watch your watch..",
"Without economy none can be rich, and
with it few can be poor.",
"Time is a great teacher, but it kills
all its pupils.",
"Experience is a hard teacher because
it gives the test first.",
"I was told anyone could be President.
I'm ready to believe it.",
"Many wish for immortality who can't
find anything to do on a rainy afternoon.",
"Our puppet strings are hard to see,
So we perceive ourselves as free.",
"Be thankful that want makes reminds
us of wealth.",
"Everything should be as simple as possible,
but not simpler.",
"What we call a mind is not one thing, but
little things connected together, we know not
how.",
"Winning is fun and even necessary, but if
our purpose is learning, loosing is good.",
"Learning isn't an event; it is a process
that goes from one part of the body to
another. It takes time.",
"Re the market. This is no bull. It bears
watching.",
"That terrible contagion, domestic felicity.
                -George Washington.",
"The donkey is slow but seldom stumbles.
The greedy become the needy.",
"You are being voluntarily robbed.",
"Your life will be rich for others only
as it is rich for you.",
"You'll die in your boots as a pioneer
if you waste your time here.",
"Time is the least we have of
and you're wasting it here.",
"If you have to ask what jazz is
you'll never know.",
"An American will tinker with anything
he can get his hands on except a new
idea.",
"We're big spenders but thrifty with
our minds. We make our early conclusions
last the rest of our life.",
"Make the world safe for hyprocricy.",
"Don't look back someone is gaining
on you.",
"Woman's virtue is mans greatest fiction.",
"Imprisoned in a fat man is a thin one
wildly signally to get out.",
"The surer you are you like what you're
doing, the more your other ambitions are
        suppressed.",
"Do not become attached to the things you
like and dislike others. Sorrow, fear and
bondage follows.",
"It was 'fun' is fooling yourself.
It was only part fun.",
"If you don't understand what is happening
you're not learning.",
"The wind blows where it will.... so it
is with every one who is born of the spirit.
           -St. John.",
"What has eight legs and flies?
--a string quartet on a foreign tour.",
"Remember the good; you'll remember the
bad anyway.",
"Who did the astronomer marry?
A star.",
"The wind blows where it will.. but you
do not know from whence it comes.  So
it is with those born of the spirit.",
"Nothing is as the ego desires. Want
not.. be happy.",
"Guilt is the gift that keeps on giving.",
"The behavior of a crowd can be more
easily predicted than the behavior of one.",
"That theory is worthless. It isn't even wrong.",
"Two forces working together add to a larger force.
Two forces opposing each other subtract from both.",
"A thief moved the moon to Paris.",
"Good grief, what's your problem, now.",
"Don't shoot the computer.",
"You're never the same as you were a moment ago.
You could be better.",
"Never speak more clearly than you think.",
"What we call a mind is nothing but a heap
of perceptions."